README.md, before:

# Small Democracy

[![CC Shield][cc-by-nc-nd-shield]][cc-by-nc-nd]

[![RSpec Status][rspec-badge]][rspec-yml]  [![Rubocop Status][rubocop-badge]][rubocop-yml]

## Tools for a Small Democracy

Small Democracy can be viewed online at [smalldemocracy.com](https://SmallDemocracy.com).

## Polls

Small Democracy currently supports:

- Ranked Choice Voting ([Borda Count][borda-count]).
- Choose One.

## License

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-nd].

[![CC Badge][cc-by-nc-nd-badge]][cc-by-nc-nd]

<!-- Badge Shortcuts -->
[rspec-badge]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/workflows/RSpec/badge.svg
[rspec-yml]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/actions/workflows/rspec.yml
[rubocop-badge]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/workflows/Rubocop/badge.svg
[rubocop-yml]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/actions/workflows/rubocop.yml
[cc-by-nc-nd]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-nd-badge]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-nd-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--ND%204.0-lightgrey.svg

<!-- Poll Info Shortcuts -->
[borda-count]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borda_count

Commit message:

update license to fair source

README.md, after:

# Small Democracy

[![RSpec Status][rspec-badge]][rspec-yml]  [![Rubocop Status][rubocop-badge]][rubocop-yml]

## Tools for a Small Democracy

Small Democracy can be viewed online at [smalldemocracy.com][small-democracy].

## Polls

Small Democracy currently supports:

- Ranked Choice Voting ([Borda Count][borda-count]).
- Choose One.

## License

This work is licensed under the [Fair Source License](https://fair.io) as [Fair Source 10][license].

<!-- Badge Shortcuts -->
[rspec-badge]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/workflows/RSpec/badge.svg
[rspec-yml]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/actions/workflows/rspec.yml
[rubocop-badge]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/workflows/Rubocop/badge.svg
[rubocop-yml]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/actions/workflows/rubocop.yml

<!-- Link Shortcuts -->
[license]: https://github.com/jubishop/smalldemocracy/blob/main/LICENSE.md
[small-democracy]: https://smalldemocracy.com
[borda-count]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borda_count
